docs: Remove self-hosted lite deployment option (#4645)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/concepts/langgraph_standalone_container.md

### Docker

The Standalone Container deployment option supports deploying data plane infrastructure to any Docker-supported compute platform.

> ## Lite vs Enterprise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Lite vs. Enterprise
```

> The Standalone Container deployment option supports the [server versions](../concepts/langgraph_server.md#langgraph-server): `Lite` and `Enterprise`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Standalone Container deployment option supports the both [server versions](../concepts/langgraph_server.md#langgraph-server):
```

> The `Lite` version is free, but has limited features. The `Enterprise` version has custom pricing and is fully featured. More details on feature differences are [here](../concepts/langgraph_server.md#server-versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Lite` version is free, but has limited features.
- The `Enterprise` version has custom pricing and is fully featured. For more details on feature difference, see [LangGraph Server](../concepts/langgraph_server.md#server-versions).
```
